Olivia Hye: I was very happy yesterday
Olivia Hye: The supporting and cheering from the fans was amazing~
Olivia Hye: I was very happy and realized why people do this.
Olivia Hye: Thank you very much~
Olivia Hye: I feel less nervous than yesterday~
Kim Lip: We're doing the rehearsal for the second day~
Choerry: Right~~
Kim Lip: I think we can do it more relaxed, because It's the second day.
JinSoul: You know, we did very well yesterday~
JinSoul: I think there's nothing wrong with feeling more relaxed. So enjoy the stage more than yestserday!
(The first girls of each unit!)
'Stop, wait a minute.'
(And all 12 girls are here!)
HaSeul: I think they seem to feel less nervous since it's the second day.
HaSeul: So I guess today's performances would be better than yesterday's
HaSeul: Why are you guys just watching it?
(The younger members watching the older member is talking)